The job runner just finished spinning up
some new infrastructure for us and the job exited with a zero,
which means it's moving on to the next job in the workflow.
That's where we're standing right now.
The next thing that needs to happen is to apply
our newfound ansible skills and configure the instance using a playbook.
Let's take a look at one of my jobs to see what all goes into it.
Here's my job that configures the infrastructure.
A lot of this should have seem very similar to you.
In this case, I'm using a docker image that has alpine as its base,
and has Python already installed since that's what ansible needs.
I'm going to check out my code and I'm going to add my SSH keys using a fingerprint.
Now, where did I get that?
There's a link to instructions about this in the text below the video.
Let's take a look where I got mine real quick.
Here in CircleCI, I have my project settings and I have SSH keys.
Here, I'm able to see the deploy key that I've already added.
Here's the fingerprint right here.
To add this deploy key,
I had to go down here to
additional SSH keys and add a new SSH key using my host name and the private key.
So we're going to copy this fingerprint and paste it in my job file,
so that ansible has access to the SSH keys that are appropriate.
Then I'm actually going to install ansible in the agent that's running this job,
and then I'm just going to execute my playbook using ansible playbook. That's it.